updated 2nd April 2014: 

db is not necessary. 

Had started to blog initially http://imnithin.weebly.com/ and now getting them on Git.

Please feel free to pull and customize tinymce editor version 4, on Rails 4.

As I have played around with TinyMce editor for my previous project, I would like to share things I did, Afterall sharing is caring ;)

I have added Menu button, menu items that has sub-menu items, a list box as well.

Font-Size in Tool-bar.

<hr/> Horizontal Rule Tag within Insert Menu.

forecolor and backcolor.
 
Table border collapsed.

Radio buttons are not supported in TinyMce. 

1. Image Upload and usage using https://github.com/PerfectlyNormal/tinymce-rails-imageupload thanks a ton to PerfectlyNormal!

2. Image upload/deletion and usage, that was implemented in Rails 2 project, using pop-up window works well on Chrome, has issues with firefox. I have used LMC-BUTTON http://www.lettersmarket.com/uploads/lettersmarket/lmcbutton/demo_lmcbutton.html thanks to the developer and from the blog http://www.whiletrue.it/how-to-implement-a-custom-file-manager-in-tinymce-4/

'fullpage' plugin or document properties (a gear icon, first one in the tolbar menu) is customizable, it contains SEO information as of now, Just sneak into its plugin.js file, it's 'walk on the cake' changing the namings or adding few input items as well.

Finally can see the it in pdf https://github.com/mileszs/wicked_pdf thanks to unixmonkey ;)

Editor data to pdf will have issues for ex, table in editor doesn't appear in pdf because of border attribute that is missing.


